okay what we're going to do today is
just do a quick demo of the Revere rock
crusher attenuator now mainly because I
couldn't find that many and this is
something that I would have liked to see
before I bought it
so what we're going to do is go over the
features real quick we've got a bypass
and attenuation input load selector for
resistance 8 / 16 ohm a small
equalization section this doesn't have a
lot of control but it makes a little bit
of difference difference under heavy
attenuation the actual attenuation
setting let's see it's set to minus 3
minus 8 minus 12 minus 16 minus 20 then
a Studio mode then in studio mode you've
got a level control which is min and Max
Max is the loudest output of the studio
mode and min is a full load setting so
no output at all and we're going to be
playing it through a Rivera que trae
combo a little pedal board and a
digitech Jam man stereo looper so it did
through a Les Paul style guitars played
a quick riff in the looper and we're
going to use that to play all the all
the demo so everything's kept as even as
we can the mics going to be a caddy
100's which is just kind of a like I
like on this scale we're going to be
going through a focus right is a 1 with
the digital card and this will be
plugged straight into the computer via
the optical output and what we're going
to do at the end is the studio mode and
Max is about a 30 decibel cut so we're
just going to hit the plus 30 and the
mic pre so we can get a quick a B at the
same volume of the difference in tone